OSDOCS-14870:Release Note for kubelet issue for 4.19 (#94367)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

* When installing a cluster on {azure-short}, if you set `compute.platform.azure.identity.type`, `controlplane.platform.azure.identity.type`, or `platform.azure.defaultMachinePlatform.identity.type` to "None", your cluster is unable to pull images from the Azure Container Registry. You can avoid this issue by providing a user-assigned identity, or by leaving the identity field blank, which causes the installation program to generate a user-assigned identity. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56008[*https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-56008*])

> In the 4.19 release, a bug is fixed in which the kubelet incorrectly calculated `readinessProbe` periods. Previously, the kubelet wouldn't account for probes run in the `syncPod` method, which periodically checks the state of a pod and does a readiness probe outside of the normal probe period. With this release, pod readiness latency when configured with readiness probes may increase, but is more accurate to the configured probe. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-50522[OCPBUGS-50522])

Reviewer: I meant for my revision to be the replacement, so I want that sentence. it also could be another clause (or even separated by ; ) but the sentence is already long

> In the 4.19 release, a bug is fixed in which the kubelet incorrectly calculated `readinessProbe` periods. Previously, the kubelet wouldn't account for probes run in the `syncPod` method, which periodically checks the state of a pod and does a readiness probe outside of the normal probe period. With this release, pod readiness latency when configured with readiness probes may increase, but is more accurate to the configured probe. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-50522[OCPBUGS-50522])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, the kubelet would not account for probes that ran in the `syncPod` method, which periodically checks the state of a pod and does a readiness probe outside of the normal probe period. With this release, a bug is fixed for when the kubelet incorrectly calculats `readinessProbe` periods. However, pod readiness latency when configured with readiness probes might increase, but the readiness probe approach is more accurate when compared to the configured probe. For more information, see (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-50522[OCPBUGS-50522])
```
